Add info about new plugin class naming (#7541)
cakephp/docs: en/appendices/4-4-migration-guide.rst

* The ``cascadeCallbacks`` option was added to ``TreeBehavior``. When enabled,
  ``TreeBehavior`` will iterate a ``find()`` result and delete records
  individually. This enables ORM callbacks to be used when deleting tree nodes.
  
Plugins
-------

> * Plugin classes can now be named to match the plugin name instead of ``Plugin``.
>   For e.g. you should now have ``ADmad\I18n\I18nPlugin`` instead of ``ADmad\I18n\Plugin``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Plugin classes can now be named to match the plugin name instead of just ``Plugin``.
  For example, you should now use ``ADmad\I18n\I18nPlugin`` instead of ``ADmad\I18n\Plugin``.
```
